Factory
A simple factory, which increases the gold per minute produced by the population at the cost of some pollution.
Cost: 

Farm
A modest farm, which decreases the rate at which food goes down, but needs an amount of pollution less than 200.
Cost:

Hydroponic Farm
An indoor farm, which is more expensive than a traditional farm, but can be placed regardless of pollution.
Cost:

Research Center
The research center is an expensive building, but is the only way to gather valuable research points.
Cost:


86 slots
3m23 - no farm
0.000005

8 policies

Policy 1 - Less revenue, less people per second
Add 1 from moneymultiplier, 

Score 
1169
2489

TUTORIAL
This is your main management screen,
on the top right corner you can see your amount of food available,pollution, people, money and research points.

Food will go down as time goes by, so make sure to build farms to slow down the effect and make sure you don't run out.

If there's too much pollution, certain building can't be build.

The amount of population increases over time, the more people,
the more food they consume.

Your research point and money are used to build buildings and pass policies.

Finally, all the stats will contribute to your end score
if you reach the end.

Click anywhere to continue...




This is the continent screen, you can select different buildings on the right, and place them on an available space.

Factories are producing more money at the cost of some pollution per minute.

Farms are producing food for the population, but can't be placed if the amount of pollution is above 200.

Hydroponic Farms are more expensive than farms but can be placed regardless of the amount of pollution.

Research Centers are expensive buildings that produce research points over time.

If you run out of place, you can always use the bulldozing tool at the top of the screen,
but make sure you use it with caution as you won't receive any money back!



Finally, you can implement different policies by clicking the policies button on the buttom left of teh screen.
Limiting the amount of children and ration are toggleable, but not the other ones.

Your goal is to search for a new habitable planet without running out of food and without killing everyone.
Be aware that searching for a new planet takes 30 seconds and prevent you to build anything while doing so.

Click anywhere to begin your journey!